# Friday, February 8th, 2019


### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Asthen Bontrager
2. Timothy Koba

### Summary
The group experimented with scripts & plugins. Has a basic understanding of importing libraries/functions using
methods in Java. We were able to control the stage, both moving and capturing the stage location. Being able to capture the stage location, in script, is important for initial system setup. We also gained a better understanding of how to create the .tif files. Specifically, the different methods for image capturing and saving different stacks as one file, this will be useful for creating a single .tif file, containing all of the channels at each location. Angeline and Ashten are troubleshooting issues encountered, when trying to create an Icy plugin, using eclipse. Determining if a work around, involving writing/finding the back-end code for plugin creation, will be necessary. Since eclipse is the recommended IDE, for Icy plugin creation, a work around shouldn't be necessary. Additionaly, in the interim all scripts can be excuted directly from Icy's native script editor, for building and tesing purposes. 

### Accomplishments
• Stage control from the Icy script \
• Snapping images from the Icy script.
• Saving images in .tif format
• Propper method for choosing and setting save directory 
• Capturing Stage Location using script

### Issues
• Changing channels from the Icy script.
• Using eclipse to create the Icy Plugin

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._
