# Tuesday, February 19th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred 
2. Asthen Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou _(remote)_
4. Timothy Koba

### Summary
Timothy wrote code to restore the initial position of the XY-stage after user input, 
which determines the four extrema of the cell positions on the slide, is taken from Ashten's user interface. 
Also wrote a nested-loop that successfully iterates through all the light channels and moves the stage up/down 
in the z-direction. This will help in z-stack image acquisition.


Huanle created a draft of a script that takes all images (all channels/DIC and cancer cell only).
It involves 3 complex loops with related counters. Needs to be tested for functionality in the lab 
next meeting.

We have found a work around for creating a plugin that works in Icy. Current work arround requires that the user manually start micromanager in Icy, before running our pluggin. Ideally this would not be the case but finding a solution has been tabled until after a working prototype is finished. Modifying the XML file, in the micromanager for icy plugin, may be a viable avenue in the future.

We are writing an image processing plugin to detect cell location and pixel intensity. Currently, the code is being written to access image from a user specified file directory for easier testing and debugging purposes. However, in the future the code will use the current sequence of images that are being taken in real time.

### Accomplishments
• Restoring initial stage position \
• Working construct for acquiring z-stacked images under all channels \
• Working method for creating executable Icy plugin 


### Issues
• Actual z-stack images acquisition \
• UNable to create a plugin that automaticaly initiates micromanager in Icy (Tabled for now)
• Encountered some issue with Angeline's computer which temporarily delayed the development of the plugin

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._
 
### Goals for next meeting
• Z-stack image acquisition \
• Developing the image directory structure for saved images \
• Dynamically naming acquired images with useful info (coordinates, channel number, etc.)

