# Friday, February 22nd, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred 
2. Asthen Bontrager
3. Timothy Koba

### Summary
Huanle created a structure that runs saving images for two different conditions (taking images of all channels, or DIC and the cancer cell detecting channel only).
However, this part of the code is heavily dependent on other sub-functions. Inside of this structure, there sub functions specified like z-stack initialization, go to specific channel state, snap and save images...etc. And inside each sub-functions, are other sub sub-functions to save images in an organized manner (single channel state with different z-slices images compact in one file), descriptive file naming and format…etc. Current progress is big structure has created, working on finishing each sub functions, and how to convert all these sub-function code into a function/class, and call the sub function in the main structure, so that the code is easy to follow and debug.


Timothy tried to modify his nested-loop construct to write out a single .tiff image file containing all the z-slices for a particular channel and stage XY-position. Currently the construct can successfully acquire all the z-slice images for each channel, but can't write them out so that each .tiff file has only images pertaining to one channel. This in part due to the complexity and inexperience with the complex 5-dimensional data structure called a "Sequence" in Icy. Was able to generate a .tiff file containing all channels for a particular z-slice in ImageJ however. 

When tryin to install our Icy plugin, on the lab computer, ran into an issue where the plugin wasn't being recognaized in Icy. This occured no matter the version of icy used and only on the lab computer. We were able to determine that the computer was using the 6th standard edition of Java and eclipse was defaulting to the 8th standard edition of Java, when exporting the .JAR file. Once we modified our plugins to build using the older version Java, Icy no longer had an issue with recognizing the new plugins. This issue only occures when the system is using an older version of Java, then the new software/plugin, and not when the plugin has the older version of Java.

### Accomplishments
• Resolved and issue where the stage location wasn't being passed from the user interface to the rest of the code.

### Issues
• Writing out all the different z-slice images in one .tiff file per channel

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._

### Goals for next meeting
• Z-stack image acquisiton and write out
