# Friday, April 6th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba


[Gantt chart](https://prod.teamgantt.com/gantt/schedule/?ids=1432769&public_keys=M1SEDd8Q6NcE&zoom=d100&font_size=12&estimated_hours=0&assigned_resources=1&percent_complete=1&documents=0&comments=1&col_width=355&hide_header_tabs=0&menu_view=1&resource_filter=1&name_in_bar=0&name_next_to_bar=1&resource_names=1#user=&company=&custom=&date_filter=&hide_completed=false&color_filter=&ids=1432769).

### Summary
__Ashten__: Added code to prevent the sample extremes from being associated with the wrong stage location sides. 
Began testing the comprehensive stage movement code. It works as expected so far, but will need further modifications
to adjust step size for a 20x objective, for which, a 20x objective is needed. Resolved stage movement in the wrong 
direction and clarified how x-axis stage movement works.

__Angeline__: Worked with Ashten and Huanle. Helped Huanle with installing Eclipse IDE to help write Java code with
keyword highlighting.

__Huanle__: Made modifications to the script for taking DIC/Nucleus/Cancer channel images. Installed an Eclipse 
scripting environment tool and other related software tools to help write and debug Java code. Adjustments 
include (1) varying the camera exposure time to vary per channels, (2) converting the script to a reusable Java
function, (3) restore initial z position of the stage after execution of that function, and (4) adding x and y
coordinates to the file names of the images capture.

__Timothy__: Helped Huanle correct her code's syntax. Added the code to restore the initial z position after
capturing the images under the three channels. Also, statements to make my Z-stack acquisition code, and Huanle's, support
variable exposure times per channel.

### Accomplishments
• Correct stage and sample position association. \
• Code to capture DIC/Nuclear/Cancer channel images is now a function in Java. \
• Exposure values are variable in all image capturing functions. \
• Syntax correction in Huanle's code.

### Issues
• Comprehensive program need be knit together and tested.

### Requests to the Sponsor
• Formula for determining the window size based upon objective magnification.

### Future Goals
• Knit together individual modules to single comprehensive program. \
• Debug comprehensive program.
