# Friday, April 12th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba



### Summary
This week’s meeting, the group focused on finalization the code and individual report/demo preparation. 

### Accomplishments
•	Added prompts, to the gui, to give the user the option to change where the DIC, Cancer, and Nucleus filters are located on the
  filter wheel.\
•	Created an excel file to keep track of the number of cells and active cell detected, based on the image open.\
•	Determined the value for camera exposure and z position corresponding to different channels for best focusing (image quality).\
•	Huanle and Timothy resolved issues that related with an executable plugin in Eclipse. 

### Issues
•	Converting code to Java from Javascript. 

### Requests to the Sponsor
None

### Future Goals
•	Further research and hard coded for determining field of view. \
•	Integrated javascript code working in Eclipse.icy. 

### Individual work descriptions 
Ashten:\
•	Added prompts, to the gui, to give the user the option to change where the DIC, Cancer, and Nucleus filters
are located on the filter wheel.\
•	Helped Huanle and Timothy resolve issues preventing them from creating an executable plugin. \
•	Helped Huanle with converting code to Java from javascript. \
•	Ran tests to check the accuracy of the formula, for determining field of view, found to be inaccurate. Will need 
to do further research and hard coded based on tests for now.

Angeline: \
•	Created an excel file to keep track of the number of cells and active cell detected, based on the image open. 
This will help facilitate testing and the data will be available for future applications.\
•	Helped Huanle finalizing her code. 

Huanle: \
•	Tested the individual code using Icy, and determined the output image format.\
    o	Three images (DIC/Nuclear/Cancer Cell Channels) as a three-stack image file. \
•	2 hours of testing and debugging on Camera exposure and Z position correction parameters.  
    o	Determined the value for camera exposure and z position corresponding to different channels for best focusing (image quality). \
•	Converted code to Javascript in Eclipse IDE environment.

Timothy: \
•	Helped Huanle in modifying her module, responsible for capturing and saving three single images (DIC, nucleus, and cancer channels),
to yield as a single .tiff file. Previously her code saved the three acquired images as three separate files.\
•	Worked on converting my z-stack acquisition module into a standalone Icy plugin for the upcoming demonstration. 
Encountered some difficulties when transferring my plugin from my laptop to the computer the microscope is connected to. 
Namely the .jar file containing my plugin doesn't appear in Icy on the computer. We suspect because the computer is running 
an older version of Java than my laptop. After some installation/configuration work done by Ashten, big shout out to him, 
the plugin appeared in Icy on the computer. It also acquired the stacks as expected.

