# Friday, April 12th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba


[Gantt chart.](https://prod.teamgantt.com/gantt/schedule/?ids=1432769&public_keys=M1SEDd8Q6NcE&zoom=d100&font_size=12&estimated_hours=0&assigned_resources=1&percent_complete=1&documents=0&comments=1&col_width=355&hide_header_tabs=0&menu_view=1&resource_filter=1&name_in_bar=0&name_next_to_bar=1&resource_names=1#user=&company=&custom=&date_filter=&hide_completed=false&color_filter=&ids=1432769)
### Summary
The group focused on creating near final versions of their code and prepping for the individual reports/demos.
Plugins were made for modules for individual demo/reporting purposes. Variable channel placement on
the filter wheel is now supported in the GUI. The field of view formula doesn't seem to be working.
Will need to hardcode a value for now. An excel file containing the number of cells and active cells per image
is now created for testing the accuracy of cell and active cell detection.

__Ashten:__ Added prompts to the GUI to give the user the option to change where the DIC, cancer, and nucleus filters
are located on the filter wheel. Assisted Huanle and Timothy in resolving issues preventing them 
from creating executable plugins of their modules. Helped Huanle convert her code from Icy script to Java.
Ran tests to check the accuracy of the formula for determining the field of view. Found to be inaccurate. Will need 
to do further research but hardcode it based on tests for now.

__Angeline:__ Created an excel file to record the number of cells and active cells detected, based on the image open. 
This will help facilitate testing and the data will be available for future applications. Helped Huanle finalize her code.

__Huanle:__ Tested individual module as Icy script & determined the output image format. Then, with help, converted the module
from Icy script to Java. Spent 2 hours determining camera exposure times and z corrections needed to acquire images
focused optimally for the three channels (DIC, nuclear, and cancer). Places "Image Capture(DIC, Nucleus, and Cancer)"
on the Gantt chart at 83% completion.

__Timothy:__ Worked with Huanle on her module so a single .tiff file containing three images (DIC, nuclear, & cancer)
results as output. Previously three separate files resulted from the three images. Took my z-stack acquisition module 
and fashioned a standalone Icy plugin from it for the upcoming demo. Encountered difficulties when transferring the 
plugin from my laptop to the computer connected to the microscope. Namely the exported .jar file with my plugin 
didn't appear in Icy on the computer. Suspected because the computer runs an older version of Java than 
my laptop. After some installation/configuration work done by Ashten the plugin 
appeared in Icy on the computer. It also acquired the stacks as expected. __Big shout-out to Ashten__.

### Accomplishments
•	Variable placement of the light filters on the turret is supported in the GUI\
•	Creation of an excel file to record the number of cells and active cell detected based on the image open\
•	Determined camera exposure and z position correction values for best image quality for various channels\
•	Huanle and Timothy resolved issues relating to the creation of executable plugins in Eclipse IDE 

### Issues
•	Converting code from Icy script to Java is onerous \
• Field of view formula is inaccurate

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._

### Future Goals/Tasks
•	Further research/testing to determine the field of view \
•	Integration of all modules and comprehensive testing
