# Friday, April 12th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba


### Summary
The group focused on the finalization of code and individual report/demo preparation. This included
creating executable plugins for modules. 

__Ashten:__ Added prompts to the GUI to give the user the option to change where the DIC, cancer, and nucleus filters
are located on the filter wheel. Assisted Huanle and Timothy in resolving issues preventing them 
from creating executable plugins of their modules. Helped Huanle convert her code from Icy script to Java.
Ran tests to check the accuracy of the formula for determining the field of view. Found to be inaccurate. Will need 
to do further research and hardcode it based on tests for now.

__Angeline:__ Created an excel file to record the number of cells and active cells detected, based on the image open. 
This will help facilitate testing and the data will be available for future applications. Helped Huanle finalize her code.

__Huanle:__
	Tested the individual code using Icy, and determined the output image format.\
    o	Three images (DIC/Nuclear/Cancer Cell Channels) as a three-stack image file. \
	2 hours of testing and debugging on Camera exposure and Z position correction parameters.  
    o	Determined the value for camera exposure and z position corresponding to different channels for best focusing (image quality). \
	Converted code to Javascript in Eclipse IDE environment.
__Timothy:__ Worked with Huanle on her module so a single .tiff file containing three images (DIC, nuclear, & cancer)
results as output. Previously three separate files resulted from the three images. Took my z-stack acquisition module 
and fashioned a standalone Icy plugin from it for the upcoming demo. Encountered difficulties when transferring the 
plugin from my laptop to the computer connected to the microscope. Namely the exported .jar file with my plugin 
didn't appear in Icy on the computer. Suspected because the computer runs an older version of Java than 
my laptop. After some installation/configuration work done by Ashten the plugin 
appeared in Icy on the computer. It also acquired the stacks as expected. __Big shout-out to Ashten__.

### Accomplishments
•	Added prompts to the GUI to give the user the option to change where the DIC, Cancer, and Nucleus filters are located on the
  filter wheel.\
•	Created an excel file to keep track of the number of cells and active cell detected, based on the image open.\
•	Determined the value for camera exposure and z position corresponding to different channels for best focusing (image quality).\
•	Huanle and Timothy resolved issues that related with an executable plugin in Eclipse. 

### Issues
•	Converting code to Java from Javascript. 

### Requests to the Sponsor
None

### Future Goals
•	Further research and hard coded for determining field of view. \
•	Integrated javascript code working in Eclipse.icy. 

