# Friday, April 26th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou _(remote)__
4. Timothy Koba


[Gantt chart.](https://prod.teamgantt.com/gantt/schedule/?ids=1432769&public_keys=M1SEDd8Q6NcE&zoom=d100&font_size=12&estimated_hours=0&assigned_resources=1&percent_complete=1&documents=0&comments=1&col_width=355&hide_header_tabs=0&menu_view=1&resource_filter=1&name_in_bar=0&name_next_to_bar=1&resource_names=1#user=&company=&custom=&date_filter=&hide_completed=false&color_filter=&ids=1432769)
### Summary 
__Ashten:__ Verified how all modules fit together. Added code to support z-offset corrections and varying camera exposures times per channel. Some code cleanup. Will be running system tests Monday or Tuesday before functional testing.

__Angeline:__ Collaborated with Huanle to combine the image processing module (Angeline) and the module for acquiring single DIC, nucleus, and cancer channel images (Huanle).

__Huanle:__ Focused on debugging individual code but compile errors still occur. Unresolved as of yet.

__Timothy:__ Modified my code to support varying camera exposure times per channel. Code clean up that reduced code length and improved readability for future users/programmers. The module shrunk from over 340 lines to under 210. Added code to restore the initial z
position of the stage at the end of my script to prevent error from accumulating (ommitted priorly). Exposure times significantly decreased the speed of the z-stack acquisition module. 

### Accomplishments
•	Code reduction \
•	Being able to vary camera exposure times and z offsets per channel

### Issues
•	Compile issues with Huanle's code \
• The combined module of Huanle's and Angeline's code needs to be completed and tested

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._

### Future Goals/Tasks
•	System and functional testing when a sample slide is prepared by Thomas next Friday \
•	Integration of all modules
