# Friday, May 3rd, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba


[Gantt chart.](https://prod.teamgantt.com/gantt/schedule/?ids=1432769&public_keys=M1SEDd8Q6NcE&zoom=d100&font_size=12&estimated_hours=0&assigned_resources=1&percent_complete=1&documents=0&comments=1&col_width=355&hide_header_tabs=0&menu_view=1&resource_filter=1&name_in_bar=0&name_next_to_bar=1&resource_names=1#user=&company=&custom=&date_filter=&hide_completed=false&color_filter=&ids=1432769)
### Summary 
Ashten came in to test the full program, but Icy returned errors when running. The rest of the teammates worked to resolve
the NoClassDefError which occurred. The issue was Java version compliance. After resolving the issue, Angeline revised her and
Huanle's meshed code to fix minor bugs.

__Ashten:__ Attempted to run the full program with all the integrated pieces. Ran into errors with Angeline & Huanle's
combined modules.

__Angeline:__ Came in to troubleshoot why errors occurred that said her class, containing modules, was not defined. 
Created separate .jar files for both the image acquisition and cell detection modules to ease debugging in the integrated
program. Fixed minor bugs and tested both revised versions of the image acquisition and cell detection modules.

__Huanle:__ Troubleshooted the team's plugins, focusing on their origination/development in Eclipse IDE. Viewed the integrated code to
understand how it all works.

__Timothy:__ Attempted to resolve the NoClassDefError which Icy returned regarding Angeline's module. Found the issue to be
the Java version compliance with Angeline.

### Accomplishments
•	Resolved some NoClassDefErrors \
• Revised versions of the image acquisition and cell detection modules

### Issues
•	The full integrated program needs to reflect the revisions

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._

### Future Goals/Tasks
•	Test the comprehensive program with the new revisions.\
