# Friday, May 10th, 2019

### Group Attendees
1. Angeline Alfred
2. Ashten Bontrager
3. Huanle Zhou
4. Timothy Koba

[Gantt chart.](https://prod.teamgantt.com/gantt/schedule/?ids=1432769&public_keys=M1SEDd8Q6NcE&zoom=d100&font_size=12&estimated_hours=0&assigned_resources=1&percent_complete=1&documents=0&comments=1&col_width=355&hide_header_tabs=0&menu_view=1&resource_filter=1&name_in_bar=0&name_next_to_bar=1&resource_names=1#user=&company=&custom=&date_filter=&hide_completed=false&color_filter=&ids=1432769)

### Summary 
The team debugged the errors which prevented the program from executing. The integrated program seems fully functional. 
This breakthrough was a major relief which makes "Integrated Script Runs with no Errors", under "Testing and Benchmarking" on the Gantt,
to 25% completion. Also, "Debugging" has moved to 95%.

It was also discovered how to create and save files to subdirectories. Also, that the z-stack acquisiton module should be revised
to capture all the z-slices for a single channel before starting on the next light filter's z-stack to significantly increase the speed of
acquistion. This is because changing light filter's is a much slower operation than repositioning the stage.

__Ashten:__ Modified code, with Angeline, to address issues with sample images not being saved to the propper directory. 

__Angeline:__ Modified code to correct issue about where images were being saved.

__Huanle:__ Researched the bug that we encountered with. Started on project poster. 

__Timothy:__ Participated in the discussions which concerned debugging the code. Contributed thoughts as to why the program might
not be executing properly. Began rewriting the z-stack code to optimize speed.

### Accomplishments
•	Resolving program impeding bugs \
• Making and saving files into subdirectories

### Issues
_None._

### Requests to the Sponsor
_None._

### Future Goals/Tasks
•	Determine if the program exhaustively captures the slide area \
• Generalize the program to be more versatile \
• Optimize and test the program for speed
